To generate MP3 files for chicken car
go here: https://freetts.com/#ads
select: English (UK) Brian

Put on MicroSD drive, in folder 99
Named uniquely following the format NNN.mp3
update the filename, mp3 audio content arrays in chicken_audio.h

	
When to play a voice file:

1) Power on
	a) Good morning sir.
	b) Good morning sir, the power is on.
	c) The chicken car is ready to go.
	d) Might I suggest checking the battery voltage soon

2) Autochicken toggle change
	a) Auto Chicken is on, starting forward
	b) Auto Chicken is on, starting in reverse 
	c) Auto Chicken is off.  The car will remain stationary until you move it

3) Autochicken, forward, backward toggle change
	a) Auto Chicken is on, starting forward
	b) Auto Chicken is on, starting in reverse 
	c) Auto Chicken is off.  The car will remain stationary until you move it

4) RF/Local toggle change
	a) The control mechanism has been set to Radio frequency.  You'll need the remote control to move the Chicken car.
	a) The control mechanism has been set to local.  You can lift the lid on the joystick compartment and control the chicken car with the oncar joystick.

5) When in Autochicken mode and changing direction next move
 a)
	i) mind your beaks and feet, moving forwards this time
	ii) heads up chickens, going to move a bit forward
 c) 
	i) careful chickens, moving backwards this time
	ii) look alive chickens, we're heading backward a little

6) When Radio is turned on, or MP3 playlist cycled.  Button should cycle Radio or playlists.  Announcing each playlist or radio station, then proceeding in a few seconds to play the songs.
	a) Dance music
	b) 80s Retro
	c) Rock ... well ... Chicken Rock
	d) boom 97.3 on the FM dial
	e) dropping the needle

7) When Status button is pressed
	a) Auto Chicken is on, moving forward
	b) moved forward 10 feet already, will move forward again 3 more times, then start backward
	c) moved backward 10 feet , will move backward again 3 more times, then start forward





Sensors to consider

Motion ?
temp ?
light ?


volt sensor
 - The battery is showing over 13 volts
 - The battery is showing over 14 volts
 - I do have some conerns that the battery is less than 14 volts
 - Sir, the battery is less than 13 volts.  
 - I think the chicken car needs to charge a while before using
 

